okay we're gonna do the cucumber recipe
uh we get these kind the kind that comes
in their own little condoms usually it
takes between three and four you need
seven cups of last time I only took
three no time for took three they were a
little bit smaller so it took three and
a half but I measure out I have a little
measuring cup and as I slice them really
thin I'll measure out seven cups of
cucumber so that becomes a cucumber an
onion we had wait a little first time I
made it I had one huge green pepper and
he got two this time teaspoon of celery
seed a tablespoon of salt a cup of apple
cider vinegar and two cups of sugar so
you'll see this in a minute I'm gonna
get to start with my cucumbers I'm gonna
peel them and slice them very thin see
my finger watch it wiggle yeah here's my
first cucumber and I have learned when
you're making a salad with multiple
cucumbers you want to taste at least one
strip of every one that's a good one
cuz one time I made a salad and one
cucumber was bitter and nasty and it
ruined the whole darn thing so I always
taste at least one slice your cucumber
if you're doing it and when I say thin I
mean really pretty thin so off I go okay
there my cucumbers and I only had to use
three of the four it was perfectly seven
cups if they're nice big long cucumbers
three of them is usually just perfect
so now you're gonna take a tablespoon of
salt and put it in Oh
the cucumber's and then give it all up
and that's gonna draw out a lot of
moisture from your cucumbers and then
you want to set this aside while you
start cleaning your other vegetables so
I will be back and tell you the next
step
okay I took my time I got my peppers
cleaned and quartered and now I'm going
to do the whole slopes slice some really
thin like a julienne and you can see the
pickles are starting to get watery a
little bit this the juice that these
will create will be part of the marinade
so you want this to be the bowl your
salad is gonna be in so let's get to
julienne and these okay I got all my
green pepper all sliced nice and thin
let's check and see how much moisture
the pickles are producing them all to
one side can you see the juice is
already coming out of them in there
yeah my cane is falling over so yeah um
that's why I take my time than the other
vegetables because a good nice half hour
of the salt being on them
get some niacin
draws a lot of moisture on okay so now
we're gonna be onto the onion good for
the onion I simply just take off the
peeling I cut them in half like this and
then I just slice a very thin all the
way down it and this must be a very
sweet onion because it's not making me
cry or anything so must be really sweet
good onion nice and solid so then I'll
separate the little slivers when I'm
done okay now my nians are all sliced
green peppers are all sliced I'm going
to add them into the cucumber bowl and
mix them all together this bowl is a
tight squeeze but it's just the perfect
size for the salad too I'd rather have a
little bit tight than too much room what
that I don't even know if that makes
sense but I'll be back when I get it all
in all the veggies are in there and
you're really gonna have to get your
hands in there mix them together that's
just probably pretty much the only way
you can do it so now it's on to this
bowl here I have two cups of sugar hang
out I got I said I forgot to set it up
hang on one second I'm okay in here is a
two cups of sugar and a teaspoon of
celery seeds and then you want to add to
this a cup of Rev
there is a pickle floating in there
that's
what it is an apple cider vinegar and
then you want to kind of dissolve the
sugar just a little bit and get this all
mixed together this is the juice that
you're gonna pour over your pickle okay
it'll be really thick and sugary but it
when I first got the recipe I said to
add it all in the bowl but I like to add
this combined this separately and then
pour it in and then you just do the well
this is gonna be fun trying to film and
do at the same time we'll see if I fail
or not it'll be okay you pour this on
I'm going to scrape that in there
because there's goodies in here a lot of
the celery seeds and stuff and then um
you just mix it together okay now you
try to get this stirred up as well as
possible use your hands if you must
yeah DOM and you just seal it up and put
in the refrigerator overnight it fills
up the liquid pretty much up to here so
yeah just overnight it and then I will
show you this tomorrow okay it's the
next day and here it is after it is um
all juicy five we haven't tried it yet
but we're gonna have some here
momentarily so that is the pickle